docs(domains): add pricing question to faq (#3291)
scaleway/docs-content: faq/domains-and-dns.mdx

To be able to use the `.nl` extension, you need to fill in the **legal form** and **legal form registration number** fields. In addition, the technical and administrative contacts **must be a natural person**.

## Why are some domain extensions more expensive than others?

Due to a significant increase in domain pricing across various registrars, Scaleway domains will also experience a price increase.

> Find out more about pricing increases in the [Changelog](/changelog/?product=domains-and-dns).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find out more about pricing increases in the [Changelog](/changelog/#price-adjustments-for-domain-extensions).
```
